README.md, before:

# in-class-activities
## Devlogs
### W1
Hello World!

### W2
1. r, g, and b combine together to determine what color something is. If r, g, and b were booleans, there would only be 2 options (t/f) for each. 
That gives us only 2*2*2=8 possible colors, which is quite limiting. If r, g, and b were ints, that would give us many more colors, but the palette could still 
be expanded. Floats allow us to have a near infinite amount of possible colors to choose from, and colors can smoothly transition into others in tiny increments.

2. _bounce tracks the number of times the ball has bounced. A bool (true/false) will only tell us if the ball has bounced, not how many times it has bounced.
The ball can only have bounced a whole number of times - there is no half or quarter bounce - we do not need the decimals allowed by floats. The ball can only have bounced
have bounced a whole number of times, and int allows _bounce to be any whole number. 

3. The error I got in step 2 of part 2 informed me that I could not implicitly convert a double into a float. I knew r was a float, so
this told me that r+=0.1 was broken due to 0.1 being a double. In order to add 0.1 to r, I needed to set 0.1 as a float first. 


### W3
Table #16

As this method "doesn't need any output", it will be a void method with no return type.
The method's input is the player's sanity level, a number between 0 to 100%. If this is represented
as a whole number from 0-100, then the input type will be an integer. If, however, the sanity percentage
is represented as a number from 0.00 to 1.00, then the input type will be a float. 

A class is the blueprint for the room in a house. A component is a fully-built and realized blueprint for that room. Member variables are the dimensions 
and specifications of the room. Methods are the functionalities of the room (e.g., the door opens).

I think the balls get extremely bright because the brightness increase per bounce is tied to the ball's velocity, which is exponential. With every bounce, each
ball moves exponentially faster, causing their brightness levels to quickly reach extremes. 

## Open-Source Assets
### W1
- Animals: https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/3d/characters/animals/animals-free-animated-low-poly-3d-models-260727 
- Low-poly environment: https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/3d/environments/landscapes/low-poly-simple-nature-pack-162153

Commit message:

Finished week in class activity

README.md, after:

# in-class-activities
## Devlogs
### W1
Hello World!

### W2
1. r, g, and b combine together to determine what color something is. If r, g, and b were booleans, there would only be 2 options (t/f) for each. 
That gives us only 2*2*2=8 possible colors, which is quite limiting. If r, g, and b were ints, that would give us many more colors, but the palette could still 
be expanded. Floats allow us to have a near infinite amount of possible colors to choose from, and colors can smoothly transition into others in tiny increments.

2. _bounce tracks the number of times the ball has bounced. A bool (true/false) will only tell us if the ball has bounced, not how many times it has bounced.
The ball can only have bounced a whole number of times - there is no half or quarter bounce - we do not need the decimals allowed by floats. The ball can only have bounced
have bounced a whole number of times, and int allows _bounce to be any whole number. 

3. The error I got in step 2 of part 2 informed me that I could not implicitly convert a double into a float. I knew r was a float, so
this told me that r+=0.1 was broken due to 0.1 being a double. In order to add 0.1 to r, I needed to set 0.1 as a float first. 


### W3
Table #16

As this method "doesn't need any output", it will be a void method with no return type.
The method's input is the player's sanity level, a number between 0 to 100%. If this is represented
as a whole number from 0-100, then the input type will be an integer. If, however, the sanity percentage
is represented as a number from 0.00 to 1.00, then the input type will be a float. 

A class is the blueprint for the room in a house. A component is a fully-built and realized blueprint for that room. Member variables are the dimensions 
and specifications of the room. Methods are the functionalities of the room (e.g., the door opens).

I think the balls get extremely bright because the brightness increase per bounce is tied to the ball's velocity, which is exponential. With every bounce, each
ball moves exponentially faster, causing their brightness levels to quickly reach extremes. 

### W4
Table #18

Line 17 creates a new member boolean variable (true/false) named _isGrounded. It is private, so it cannot be modified outside of its parent, the CatW4 class. This tracks if the player is on the ground.
Line 28 checks if the player has just pressed space and if they are also on the ground. Presumably this checks the conditions for a jump (the player has to be on the ground and pressing space)
Line 32 is within the if statement on line 28, and it sets _isGrounded to false. So when the player is jumping, they are counted as no longer on the ground.

## Open-Source Assets
### W1
- Animals: https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/3d/characters/animals/animals-free-animated-low-poly-3d-models-260727 
- Low-poly environment: https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/3d/environments/landscapes/low-poly-simple-nature-pack-162153
